Instructions for parents: You and your infant will be shown a several 1-minute clips from a series of cartoons and live-action movies. We will create a recording of your infant's looking behaviour at this video via your webcam, which we use to assess the duration for which your child was watching the clip.Before we start the study, we will ask you to check that your webcam is working. We further ask you to complete this study during daytime and make sure your infant faces a window/light source, to create optimal lighting conditions for the video-recording. Your child may be seated on your lap or in a baby seat close to the screen. If you keep your child on your lap, please try to keep your own movements to a minimum as not to influence your child's looking behaviour. If your child is seated in a baby seat, please sit somewhere behind your child to ensure that your child has maximum attention for the screen and is not distracted. During the study, please try to refrain from interacting with your infant whenever possible. We are interested in infants' natural looking behaviour, so we ask you not to point at the screen or direct their gaze to the video in any other way.Please ensure that:- Your child’s face is completely visible; particularly, that nothing is obscuring the child’s eyes.- The camera and computer are placed on a stable platform and will not move during the course of the experiment (for example, on a desk)- Your own face is not visible in the webcam footage.- Your own reactions are kept to a minimum. Please do not interact with your child unless necessary to keep them in shot or to calm them down; if your child is distressed you may of course comfort them.Incorrect example 1: room is poorly lit; child participant is not the focus. Incorrect example 2: poor camera quality and distance from camera mean that the child’s eyes are untrackable.Incorrect example 3: laptop held on lap, resulting in shaky, unusable footage. Caregiver reacting to the study, potentially influencing the child’s reaction.Incorrect example 4: the participant is backlit, meaning their face is in shadow. As in example 1, the camera is centred on the caregiver, not the infant.Correct example: the room is well lit. The camera is focused on the child participant; it is also kept steady, and is a reasonable quality. The caregiver’s face is predominantly out of shot.